accept::Accept another users 'join' or 'request' command.
addmember:(group) (user):Add a user to a specified group. Case sensitive!
backupworld:[label]:Take a backup of the world with an optional label.
ban:(user):Ban a user by their username.
ban-ip:(ip):Ban a particular IP address.
day::Set the server time to just after sunrise.
creative:[user]:Switch a given user to creative mode (or yourself if no user is specified)
decline::Decline another users 'join' or 'request' command.
delmember:(group) (user):Remove a user from a specified group. Case sensitive!
delplayerdata:(user):Removes a players data file from the world, erasing their home position and inventory.
deop:[user]:Remove a users operator status, or yourself if no name is given.
give:(user) (item id) [quantity]:Give a named user an item.
giveme:(item id/name) [quantity/multiplier]:Give yourself an item by name.
giveto:(user) (item id/name) [quantity/multiplier]:Give someone else an item by name.
goto:(user):Teleport yourself to a named user.
help:[command]:Get a list of commands or help on a specific command.
invite:(user):Invite a user to join you.
join:(user):Request to join a user.
kick:(user):Kick a user off the server (they can rejoin).
lastseen:(user):Check when a user was last seen online.
listplayers::Show a list of active players (Llama Mod)
lookup:(item name):Look up the item number code by an approximate name.
motd::Show the current message of the day.
night::Set the server time to just after sunset.
op:(user):Give a user operator status.
opme::Give yourself operator status.
pardon:(user):Remove a ban on a username.
pardon-ip:(ip):Remove a ban on an IP address.
ping::Check if the server is still alive.
players::Get a list of active players.
restart::Restart the minecraft server.
save-all::Save the current state of the server.
save-off::Disable level saving.
save-on::Enable level saving.
serverstats::Show server information.
survival:[user]:Switch a given user to survival mode (or yourself if no user is specified)
stop::Stop the minecraft server.
summon:(user):Teleport another user to your location.
time::Get the current server time.
tp:(user) (user):Teleport the first user to the second user.
userstats:(user):Show historical data for a given user.
serverversion::Get information about the server.
whois:(user):Show a users WHOIS information.
